[ACM-4111]: Various updates to managing clusters on bare metal (#4857)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/managing_hosted_bm.adoc

[#create-an-infraenv]
== Creating an InfraEnv

> An InfraEnv is a environment where hosts that are starting the live ISO can join as Agents. In this case, the Agents are created in the same namespace as your hosted control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An `InfraEnv` is a environment where hosts that are starting the live ISO can join as agents. In this case, the agents are created in the same namespace as your hosted control plane.
```

> . To create an InfraEnv, enter the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To create an `InfraEnv`, enter the following commands:
```

  name: ${WORKER_NAME}-bmc-secret
  namespace: ${HOSTED_CONTROL_PLANE_NAMESPACE}
type: Opaque
----

.. Create the BMH:
+
*Note:* The `infraenvs.agent-install.openshift.io` label is used to specify which `InfraEnv` is used to start the BMH. The `bmac.agent-install.openshift.io/hostname` label is used to manually set a hostname.
+

> If you want to manually specify the installation disk, you can use the https://github.com/metal3-io/baremetal-operator/blob/main/docs/api.md#rootdevicehints[rootDeviceHints] in the BMH Spec. If rootDeviceHints are not provided, the agent picks the installation disk that better suits the installation requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to manually specify the installation disk, you can use the `rootDeviceHints` in the BMH specification. If `rootDeviceHints` are not provided, the agent picks the installation disk that better suits the installation requirements.
```

+
----
oc --kubeconfig ${HOSTED_CLUSTER_NAME}.kubeconfig get nodes
----
+
.Example output
----
NAME           STATUS   ROLES    AGE     VERSION
ocp-worker-1   Ready    worker   5m41s   v1.24.0+3882f8f
ocp-worker-2   Ready    worker   6m3s    v1.24.0+3882f8f
----
+
ClusterOperators start to reconcile by adding workloads to the nodes. You can also see that two machines were created when you scaled up the `NodePool` object:
+
----
oc -n ${HOSTED_CONTROL_PLANE_NAMESPACE} get machines
----
+
.Example output

> ----

Reviewer: In line 377, will you monospace "clusterversion" 

`clusterversion`

You can set up a load balancer and wildcard DNS record for the `*.apps`. This process requires deploying MetalLB, configuring a new load balancer service that routes to the ingress deployment, and assigning a wildcard DNS entry to the load balancer IP address.

> . Set up https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/metallb/about-metallb.html[MetalLB] so that when you create a service of the LoadBalancer type, MetalLB adds an external IP address for the service.

Reviewer: Just a reminder that we are reducing the number of inline links by moving links at the end of the file, in the _Additional resources_ section. I can tag team on this if you like, i don't mind! I would make updates after you make changes to avoid merge conflicts

```suggestion
. Set up link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/metallb/about-metallb.html[MetalLB] so that when you create a service of the `LoadBalancer` type, MetalLB adds an external IP address for the service.
```

Monospaced bc it was mentioned as a resource parameter value. Also promoting consistent link syntax ([Types of link referencing](https://stolostron.github.io/rhacm-docs/wr_linking))

Author: Thanks! I can move the link.

EOF
----

> .. Reach the {ocp-short} console by entering the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Enter the following command to reach the {ocp-short} console:
```

EOF
----

> . Verify that the remaining Agents are deployed by entering the following command. In this example, the spare agent, `d9198891-39f4-4930-a679-65fb142b108b`, is provisioned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the remaining Agents are deployed by entering the following command. In this example, the spare agent, `d9198891-39f4-4930-a679-65fb142b108b`, is provisioned:
```

+
----
oc -n ${HOSTED_CONTROL_PLANE_NAMESPACE} get agent -o jsonpath='{range .items[*]}BMH: {@.metadata.labels.agent-install\.openshift\.io/bmh} Agent: {@.metadata.name} State: {@.status.debugInfo.state}{"\n"}{end}'
----
+
.Example output
----
BMH: ocp-worker-2 Agent: 4dac1ab2-7dd5-4894-a220-6a3473b67ee6 State: added-to-existing-cluster
BMH: ocp-worker-0 Agent: d9198891-39f4-4930-a679-65fb142b108b State: installing-in-progress
BMH: ocp-worker-1 Agent: da503cf1-a347-44f2-875c-4960ddb04091 State: added-to-existing-cluster
----

> . If you check the nodes by entering the following command, you can see a new node in the cluster. In this example, `ocp-worker-0` is added to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you check the nodes by entering the following command, the new node is displayed in the output. In this example, `ocp-worker-0` is added to the cluster.
```

Author: Good suggestion!

> . If you check the nodes by entering the following command, the new node is displayed in the output. In this example, `ocp-worker-0` is added to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you check the nodes by entering the following command, the new node is displayed in the output. In this example, `ocp-worker-0` is added to the cluster:
```

. On the _Clusters_ page, select the cluster that you want to destroy.

. In the *Actions* menu, select *Destroy clusters* to remove the cluster.

[#additional-resources-manage-bm]
== Additional resources

> * https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/metallb/about-metallb.html[MetalLB]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Read the link:https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/metallb/about-metallb.html[{ocp-short} MetalLB documentation] for more details.
* Refer to the link:https://github.com/metal3-io/baremetal-operator/blob/main/docs/api.md#rootdevicehints[_rootDeviceHints_ section] for more details.
```
